Simple Hello World template project for REFramework plugins written in C++ using VS Code for development and debugging.

Links to `Enums_Internal.hpp` generated by REFramework. A Python script is used to sanitize the dumped file so that it's compilable.

## Usage

### Setup REFramework

1. Install the game you're going to mod via Steam.
2. Install REFramework in the game's install directory.
3. Dump SDK via REFramework:
  a. Run the game via Steam.
  b. Open REFramework menu (press Insert key if it's closed).
  c. Go to DeveloperTools → ObjectExplorer → Dump SDK.
  d. This will generate `Enums_Internal.hpp` in the game's install directory.

### Setup build environment

1. Install development prerequisites:
  a. A C/C++ compiler (e.g. Visual Studio Community).
  b. GNU core utilities (mainly for `cp`).
  c. VS Code
  d. Python 3
  e. CMake Tools VS Code extension
2. Open `CMakeLists.txt`:
  a. Change `MyCoolMod` to the name of your mod.
  b. Update the `GAME_INSTALL_EXE` variable with the name of the .exe of your game (e.g. `MEGAMAN_STARFORCE_Legacy_Collection.exe`).
  c. Update the `GAME_INSTALL_DIR_NAME` variable with the name of the game's directory in `/steamapps/common` (e.g. `MegaMan StarForce LegacyCollection`).
3. Open this folder in VS Code.
4. Press F1 → `CMake: Delete Cache and Reconfigure`.

Note, during CMake configuration, the `Enums_Internal.hpp` file will be sanitized and output in the `generated` directory. If you need to update `Enums_Internal.hpp` (e.g. because the game has been updated), run CMake configuration again.

### Building

1. Press F1 → `CMake: Select Variant` and select Debug or Release target.
2. Press F7 to build.

### Debugging

1. Create a file named `steam_appid.txt` in the game's install directory containing the game's Steam ID. This prevents the game from closing and relaunching via Steam when you click Run, disconnecting the debugger.
2. Press F1 → `CMake: Select Variant` and select Debug target.
3. Press F5 to build and run.

This will automatically copy the built DLL to `reframework/plugins` in the game's install directory.

Any debug messages written via `OutputDebugString()` are written to the Debug Console in VS Code.
